README.md, before:

# LXB - LXD Image Builder

LXB is an attempt to bring a little of the Docker image creation magic to LXD with an automated, templated build file.

If you're lucky enough to have all the dependencies (and their correct versions) on your machine, you can use `go get` to install: `go get github.com/colebrumley/lxb`. More realistically, you'll want to use `glide` to make sure your dependencies are up to date with mine (LXD evolves rapidly and breaking changes are likely):
```bash
go get github.com/Masterminds/glide
go get -d github.com/colebrumley/lxb
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/colebrumley/lxb
export GO15VENDOREXPERIMENT=1
glide up
go build
```

Currently you must run LXB on a host running LXD since LXB is hard coded to look for a local unix socket. In the future I'd like to add support for calling remote daemons. You can however _work_ on a remote via the local daemon with the `--remote` flag.

## usage
```bash
NAME:
   lxb - LXD Image Builder

USAGE:
   lxb [global options] [arguments...]

VERSION:
   0.0.2

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --lxfile, -f "lxfile.yml"  Path to the build spec
   --context, -c "./"   Path to the build context
   --keep, -k     Don't remove the build container when complete
   --verbose      Print extra debugging output
   --remote "local"   LXD daemon address [$LXB_REMOTE]
   --version, -v    print the version
```
The process is similar to building a Docker image. Call `lxb` either in the build context directory (only important if your `lxfile.yml` uses `files`), or pass the `-c` flag.

The build config can be supplied by providing nothing (in which case `./lxfile.yml` is loaded), the `--lxfile` flag, or by passing `-` as the first argument (which will read from stdin).

## lxfile usage
Lxfiles are YAML files (just for you @jimmymac) that contain specifications for both the build container and the resulting image.

The only key that is _strictly_ required is `baseimg`, all other keys will be ignored if they are omitted.

**Example:**

```yaml
baseimg: trusty
image_properties:
  description: Apache2 on Ubuntu Trusty x64
image_aliases:
  - trusty-apache2
public: true
build_profiles:
  - default
build_config:
  # See https://github.com/lxc/lxd/blob/master/specs/configuration.md#container-configuration
  limits.memory: 512MB
env:
  BUILD_ENV: dev
  CONTAINERIZED: true
  TERM: xterm-color
cmd:
  # A list of commands that will be run inside the container (using /bin/sh)
  - apt-get update
  - apt-get -y install apache2
  - apt-get -y clean
```

## Fair warning
This is a _highly_ experimental project that should not be relied upon for anything. Ever. I sincerely hope you can build something with it (and maybe even send a PR if you fix something), but at this point it's mostly an exercise in working with LXD programmatically.

Commit message:

Add files back into example

README.md, after:

# LXB - LXD Image Builder

LXB is an attempt to bring a little of the Docker image creation magic to LXD with an automated, templated build file.

If you're lucky enough to have all the dependencies (and their correct versions) on your machine, you can use `go get` to install: `go get github.com/colebrumley/lxb`. More realistically, you'll want to use `glide` to make sure your dependencies are up to date with mine (LXD evolves rapidly and breaking changes are likely):
```bash
go get github.com/Masterminds/glide
go get -d github.com/colebrumley/lxb
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/colebrumley/lxb
export GO15VENDOREXPERIMENT=1
glide up
go build
```

Currently you must run LXB on a host running LXD since LXB is hard coded to look for a local unix socket. In the future I'd like to add support for calling remote daemons. You can however _work_ on a remote via the local daemon with the `--remote` flag.

## usage
```bash
NAME:
   lxb - LXD Image Builder

USAGE:
   lxb [global options] [arguments...]

VERSION:
   0.0.2

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --lxfile, -f "lxfile.yml"  Path to the build spec
   --context, -c "./"   Path to the build context
   --keep, -k     Don't remove the build container when complete
   --verbose      Print extra debugging output
   --remote "local"   LXD daemon address [$LXB_REMOTE]
   --version, -v    print the version
```
The process is similar to building a Docker image. Call `lxb` either in the build context directory (only important if your `lxfile.yml` uses `files`), or pass the `-c` flag.

The build config can be supplied by providing nothing (in which case `./lxfile.yml` is loaded), the `--lxfile` flag, or by passing `-` as the first argument (which will read from stdin).

## lxfile usage
Lxfiles are YAML files (just for you @jimmymac) that contain specifications for both the build container and the resulting image.

The only key that is _strictly_ required is `baseimg`, all other keys will be ignored if they are omitted.

**Example:**

```yaml
baseimg: trusty
image_properties:
  description: Apache2 on Ubuntu Trusty x64
image_aliases:
  - trusty-apache2
public: true
build_profiles:
  - default
build_config:
  # See https://github.com/lxc/lxd/blob/master/specs/configuration.md#container-configuration
  limits.memory: 512MB
files:
  # Use relative paths from the context directory
  # files will be copied with the same permissions (but owned by root)
  - test.txt:/opt/test.txt
env:
  BUILD_ENV: dev
  CONTAINERIZED: true
  TERM: xterm-color
cmd:
  # A list of commands that will be run inside the container (using /bin/sh)
  - apt-get update
  - apt-get -y install apache2
  - apt-get -y clean
```

## Fair warning
This is a _highly_ experimental project that should not be relied upon for anything. Ever. I sincerely hope you can build something with it (and maybe even send a PR if you fix something), but at this point it's mostly an exercise in working with LXD programmatically.
